We love our conventions and assemblies.
We praise Jehovah and feed at his table
with hundreds of our brothers and sisters.
Many of our brothers and sisters
in rural areas of Africa
attend assemblies and conventions
in open-air meeting places.
Sadly, at times the conditions are not favorable,
making it difficult to fully benefit
from the spiritual food.
But at Isaiah 49-15,
Jehovah says,
can a woman forget her nursing child
or have no compassion for the son of her womb?
Even if these women forget,
I would never forget you.
Jehovah has shown his love to our brothers and sisters
in Africa in a special way.
How is this done?
What were the challenges
that made this situation so dire?
One of the challenges the brothers have to face
is the distance that they have to travel
to get to the assembly hall.
In some parts of the country
there is no reliable transportation.
So the brothers either have to hire a truck
or they have to use a bicycle.
And in some cases,
they even have to work long distances,
sometimes even between four to six hours.
It was a huge challenge to attend a regional convention.
First, we started saving up ahead of time
to get the money for transportation
and lunch for the three days of the convention.
But if we could not find the money,
we would go by foot carrying chairs on our heads
and food in our hands.
And sometimes after arriving,
you were so tired.
You could not concentrate on what the brothers were teaching
because you were sweating and incredibly tired.
When the brothers and sisters
attend outdoor assemblies,
they are exposed to a number of challenges.
During the rainy season,
when there is a big storm,
it can completely stop the program for a while.
Sometimes when it rained,
everyone had to leave their spot to hide somewhere.
Imagine you had someone there that you invited,
and then when the rain started,
they had to run and hide somewhere.
We were sad and ashamed to invite people.
Many cases the brothers just have to sit on the ground,
some will sit on small stones or on a mat or piece of cloth
and they have to bear the heat of the sun
because there is no proper shade
or just a simple grass structure over their heads.
These structures did not really protect us
because in the heat we really suffered.
We moved from one place to another.
If the heat followed,
we would move again to another spot.
The teaching and spiritual instruction suffers.
The brothers and sisters cannot concentrate
on closely following the program.
To address these challenges,
the publishing committee of the governing body
asked the global purchasing
and regional design construction departments
to work with various branches
to improve the situation.
The goal was to provide dignified places of worship
where our brothers and sisters
could enjoy the spiritual learning environment
with minimal distractions.
The branches provided the input
of what the situation exactly was.
They showed some pictures,
showed what are the challenges
and in what areas at this moment these assemblies are held.
One of the requirements that they put in there
was that they wanted to be able to build it up quickly
and also to de-assemble it quickly
so that it could be moving to another assembly site.
With that information,
we worked with RDC together
to see what is something that fits to that
in a cost-effective way
and one option that we had from a supplier,
a standard hand,
and one was a customized shade structure.
After the approval received from these branches
and also from the publishing committee,
we started to place the orders
and work with the branches to get it together
actually on site.
As these projects were implemented,
a training program was also started.
Using qualified trainers,
some local construction servants were trained
to safely install,
pack and maintain the tents.
These construction servants
then trained local congregation publishers to do the same.
The training provider was so effective
that in some cases,
tents for an entire venue of 2000 seats
were put up in just one day.
It's a very simple structure
with a little shade material over it
so that the brothers and sisters
can sit in the shade
or if there's heavy rain,
having a nice place where they can follow the program
without much destruction
and can really see all the videos
that the governing body provides at this moment.
Seeing how different departments,
branches work together,
the willing and happy spirit of all involved,
especially the local brothers
was a clear evidence of Jehovah's blessings on this project.
Truly, this is a special gift from Jehovah.
It is truly encouraging to see
how Jehovah blessed the collaboration
and hard work of so many.
This loving provision from Jehovah
has touched the hearts of our brothers and sisters.
What I can say,
what I really feel deep inside on this matter.
When I see what Jehovah has done for us,
the beautiful assembly site and nice shade,
when I see brothers and sisters
say from sun and rain,
I feel that Jehovah has dignified us.
I have seen Jehovah's great love for us.
It is amazing.
Before, we never imagined that we could attend a convention
at a good place like this.
But seeing this provision helps us to understand
that Jehovah loves us so much.
We are so happy because the place is attractive,
there are nice places to sit,
and now we can invite anyone to come attend with us.
We do not need to imagine someone
we invited having to run and hide if it rains.
We no longer feel ashamed or scared to invite people
because we know that they can stay
in their place the whole time.
After all, this place has truly become very beautiful.
I thank Jehovah so much.
I also thank the governing body
for helping us get such a beautiful assembly hall.
We do not have to go back and forth
with chairs on our heads anymore.
We have good seats that allow us to concentrate
on what Jehovah is teaching us.
Thank you so much, dear brothers.
There is a growing demand for these facilities.
Over 100 more sites in Africa are needed right now.
It is our privilege to support this initiative
with our personal prayers and donations.
For Jehovah, no location is too remote.
He does not forget his people.
He uses his organization to provide
what they need at the right place and at the right time.